Give Incipias a proper description (#12263)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/incipias/incipias first contact.txt

		log `Met with the Incipias on their space station, and gained access to their ships, which are capable of entering the gas giant that the stranded Incipias ship has taken refuge in.`
		log "Factions" "Incipias" `The Incipias are a species of aliens that live to the northeast of Hai space. They originated from a gas giant, and resemble large, floating octopi. As they have not yet developed the hyperdrive, they are confined to a single system and are under the protection of the Quarg.`
		conversation

> 			`Thanks to the map, you are easily able to dock with the station. Your airlock opens and you enter an environment like nothing you've ever seen before. There are no hallways like you would see in a human space station - instead, tubes full of fog, some of which even ascend vertically, appear to be the only way of getting around. A crowd of beings gather in front of your airlock, each flashing a multitude of colors. A group of five floats in front of the crowd, and you finally get a good look at the creatures. They are large, about three meters tall, with a bulbous section at the top covered in scale-like structures. Near the base of the bulb, three large eyes are arranged in a shallow arc, below which there are eight undulating, dexterous-looking tentacles. The Incipias in the middle of the group starts pulsating in calm tones.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`Thanks to the map, you are easily able to dock with the station. Your airlock opens and you enter an environment like nothing you've ever seen before. There are no hallways like you would see in a human space station - instead, tubes full of fog, some of which even ascend vertically, appear to be the only way of getting around. A crowd of beings gather in front of your airlock, each flashing a multitude of colors. A group of five floats in front of the crowd, and you finally get a good look at the creatures. They are large, about three meters tall, with a bulbous section at the top covered in scale-like structures. Near the base of the bulb, three large eyes are arranged in a shallow arc, below which there are eight undulating, dexterous-looking tentacles. The Incipias in the middle of the group start pulsating in calm tones.`
```

Author: This would still be "starts" as its only one of them talking

Reviewer: Mmm, yeah, not sure. Let's wait for another opinion on it.

Reviewer 2: Yeah I also had the impression that Incipias was singular.

> 			`	"Welcome, outer-being, to our capital. We are the Incipias." It stops as if awaiting an answer. The light seems to come from the scales covering it, but you are unable to tell if they are simply reflect light or if they produce their own.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Welcome, outer-being, to our capital. We are the Incipias." It stops as if awaiting an answer. The light seems to radiate from the scales covering it, but you are unable to tell whether they produce it or if it is simply reflected.`
```
